
Optional faint grid for background (graph paper).

xyzw homogeneous vectors.

Add bar charts and pie charts.

DONE Fix panning constant for 3D canvas.

Finish building a glyph-driven geometry sketch on 'k' over a geometry sketch.

Screen capture, then paste, examples for class course notes.

Stop-gap for server: print out the strokes.

Fix edge outline for curved objects.

Finish creating 3D glyphs.

Add scrollbar and max line width to code edit widget.

Automatically create and register glyphs for 3D objects.

Fix problem with silhouettes sometimes missing outline edges.

DONE Algorithm for creating drawable 2d outlines for 3D objects.

Fix bounding box for GeometrySketch to surround all 3D vertices. (?)

Regularize how I declare sketches (so Evan can create server save/load code).

If you click on a text sketch and then move the mouse, you are creating a new out link.
If you stroke left from a text sketch, it deletes a character.
If you stroke up from a text sketch, it interprets it as a command (eg: convert into a glyphSketch of that name).
If you click on a text sketch and then drag from the same point, it edits that text in short-hand mode.
If you draw on bg while in text mode, it interprets it as long-hand text, and edits the current text sketch.
If you click on the bg and then drag from the same point, you are creating/editing a new text sketch in short-hand mode.
If you tap on bg while in text mode and then move the mouse, chalktalk just exits text mode.

2D (area) slider.

Add clock glyph sketch -- outputs time.

Add head in profile.  Think about how to drop a brain into a profile.

Non-distructive adding -- add up the fractal noise components into a separate place, without destroying the originals.
  -- create a "sum" object.  Use its motionpath to define sum components.

Data viz elements: pie chart, bar chart, etc.

Direct bg gesture as an alternative way to bring up a glyph sketch.

Try other data types, such as [x,y].  Make "program gestures" that use this.

Try to build logic visually, like Bret does with his fish.

Gesture to tag a SimpleSketch as unGlyphable, or to convert a glyphSketch into a SimpleSketch.

DONE Put correct text adjustment into Sketch.
DONE To make it harder to turn a sketch into text by mistake, all non-digit characters are only recognized in "text mode".
DONE Use projected triangles to figure out which outline segments to throw away.
DONE Fix upside down glyph standard.
DONE Bg gesture using text shorthand to instantiate sketch of given type.
DONE Recognize letters a-z only when in text input mode.
DONE Create a "stupid" option for drawing.
DONE Fix bug that makes eyeball vanish.
DONE Scribble wordlist should be in alphabetical order.
DONE Go through word list, creating a dictionary for scribble shorthand.
DONE Double click on a port to toggle data output visualization.
DONE Add visual menu for page-selection click+stroke sequence.
DONE Rocket ship.
DONE Hover over port to see values over time flowing through that port.
DONE Show a GeometrySketch on panStrip as a gray rectangle.

